---
title: "Invited Presentations"
date: 2024-06-28
---
- 2024 Vanderbilt University, "Introduction to Sociology of Religion," for Introduction to Sociology taught by Dr. Laure Woods. Fall 2024.
- 2023 APSU: Invited lecture, “Documenting the Doctrine of Discovery,” Sponsored by Phi Alpha Theta and Philosophy Club, Austin Peay State University, Clarksville, TN. Fall 2023.
- 2023 Vanderbilt University: Invited lecture, "Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women, Girls, 2 Spirits," for the Health, Poverty and Politics course taguth by Dr. Laurie Woods. Nashville, TN. Spring 2023.
- 2023 MTSU: Invited lecture, “Good Treaties Make Good Neighbors,” Honors College Lecture Series, Middle Tennessee State University, Murfeesboro, TN. Spring 2023.
- 2022 MTSU: Invited presentation, “Beyond the Classroom: The Native American and Indian Association of TN Pow Wow,” MTSU, Nashville, TN. For the classes: UH 3000: Friendship, RS 2030: Religion and Society, and RS 3030: Mapping Religious Diversity. Fall 2022.
- 2021 MTSU: Tennessee History class invited lecture on "Cherokee Ball Game, Treaties and Indigenous Resistance", taught by Dr. James V. Holton, Spring 2021. 2x.
- 2020 MTSU: Tennessee History class invited lecture on "Religion, Authority, and the Scopes Trial", taught by Dr. James V. Holton, Fall 2020. 2x.
- 2020 MTSU: Modern U.S. History class invited lecture on "Religion, Racism, and The Olympics", taught by Dr. James V. Holton, 2 sections, Fall 2020. 2x
- 2020 Gladden Podcast Episode 10, hosted by D. Garmondyu Whorway: "[Embracing the \#nocode movement and creating an online portfolio](/nocode/)."
- 2018 Syracuse University: First Year Forum (CAS 101), taught by Dr. Ahmed Abdel Meguid, Fall, 2018. I did a series of three lectures on "Christianity and the Enlightenment."
- 2015 Syracuse University: Pop Culture Studies: Radio, Musics & Audio Cultures (Television Radio Film 530) taught by Dr. Jenny Doctor, Spring, 2015. I lectured on “Aimee Semple McPherson and the Development of Radio.”
- 2013 Syracuse University: Pop Culture Studies: Radio, Musics & Audio Cultures (Television Radio Film 530), taught by Dr. Jenny Doctor, Spring, 2013. I lectured on “Aimee Semple McPherson and the Development of Radio.”
  
